SSO Screenshots (#8408)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-sso-microsoft-entra-id.md

### Additional configuration options

> The **SSO & SCIM** section also contains additional configuration options which are located after the credentials fields.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Single sign-on** section also contains additional configuration options which are located after the credentials fields.
```
